Just Cause: 
To create the definitive, community authored and edited Living Book about web3, the metaverse and the future of our digital economy.
 
Mission:
The struggle between open, permissionless systems and opaque, siloed corporations will define the future of the internet. An open permissionless system creates more value for users and participants alike. The crusade to create decentralized alternatives to the internet monopolies becomes more important as the internet plays and ever more central role in our daily lives.
 
Today much of the value in our economy, our social activity and our identity expression happens online. This will only increase over time as we develop the technologies and behavior patterns that will ultimately lead to the creation of persistent virtual worlds, inhabited by millions of people that is deeply tied into the real world economy and consumer purchasing behavior.
 
In order for the cryptocurrency and web3 communities to play a meaningful role in this future and ensure that the metaverse is built on open, permissionless and trustless foundations, we need overarching narratives to help motivate and coordinate our efforts.
 
Yet these narratives cannot be generated by individuals alone. Web3 and the metaverse is too big and evolving too rapidly. No one is a great enough expert to articulate these narratives alone. Even if they were, web3 and the metaverse emerged out of the cyberpunk ethos. They are concepts that are meant to be decentralized. Relying on centralized thought leaders to create our narratives and pump our bags limits us and detracts from the narrative.
 
Metaversal Bible our attempt to engineer our way around these problems. It is a decentralized community authored and edited book about the power and promise of web3 technologies and communities and how they will combine and cross pollinate to create a valuable metaverse. Anyone can get their ideas included into the metaversal bible if the holders believe their ideas are good enough.
 
Book Outline: 
1. An introduction explaining the history of the concept of the metaverse, web3 and why web3 technologies are absolutely essential to creating a valuable metaverse
2. A section about how web3 will transform the creative economy and the IP creation process and how some of these entertainment products will help to create, and/or breathe life and creativity into the metaverse.
3. A section on Decentralized Finance
4. A section on Decentralized Science
5. A section on how our digital reality will become increasingly intermingled with our physical reality – Network States and Living Companies
6. Conclusion and call to arms
 
Codes of Conduct:
·  	No shilling – If you are a project founder you can explain the problem that you see in the industry you are in and how your project is trying to fix it, but you cannot shill your project.
·  	No hate Speech – there’s enough hate in the world without bringing it into this book, the tone of the book should be positive and focused on the future
 
 
Governance:
·  	NFTs govern ownership of the book and voting power
·  	The Metaversal Bible is not 1 person, 1 vote
·  	Locking up your NFT for longer time periods can give you a small boost to voting power
·  	Otherwise, your voting power depends upon your contribution and voting
 
Calculations:
